hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a science fantasy horror film: "Victor Frankenstein"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
at a circus in London, an ugly nameless hunchback works as a joker for a living
he is constantly bullied by other circus folks for his hideous appearance
despite his ugly looks, he also has his own hormone idol, the aerialist Lorelei
he admires her for long, and dreams to assist her someday
he even learns human anatomy by himself from the stolen books
intending to offer his help to Lorelei, who often suffers injuries from dangerous actions
one day, Lorelei falls during the performance, and hits on the ground with a bad injury
the hunchback rushes to her and examines her
a medical student Victor, also rushes to help
after examination, the hunchback believes that the fall causes a clavicle fracture
which pressures Lorelei's lungs, and makes it hard for her to breathe
there is nowhere to find any proper medical equipment during that urgent moment
the hunchback borrows Victor's pocket watch, and presses it against Lorelei's collarbone
then, hunchback pushes the broken bone back to the right position
and Lorelei gets her breath back
Victor is amazed by the hunchback's skill and medical knowledge
and tries to persuade him to leave the circus and study more about medicine
however, the hunchback is too afraid to leave the circus
and his master just locks him up because of that
later, at night after stealing some dead animals' body parts
Victor frees the hunchback from a locked cage
and manages to escape the enraged circus master and his men
after taking him back home, Victor drains the disgusting cyst on the hunchback's back
that causes his physical abnormality and gives him a harness to improve his posture
the hunchback looks just like a normal person now
then, Victor names the hunchback Igor
after cleaning himself and a haircut
Igor has transformed into a handsome young man
later that night, Victor explains that he notices Igor's talent in medical science
he shows Igor a tank that contains a pair of pale eyes soaked in some liquid
much to his surprise, the eyes can even respond to match light after being electrified
Igor becomes so interested and points out Victor's mistakes
Victor is thrilled to hear Igor's advice and invites Igor to be his assistant immediately
while Igor finds meaning in his life and therefore accepts Victor's invitation
in the coming days, Igor helps Victor to test on the animal organs
trying to revive the organ by electric shock
they become very close partners and friends
one day, Victor takes Igor to a dance party
at the party, Igor encounters Lorelei
who is masquerading as a mistress of a gay baron
Lorelei recognizes Igor straightway and expresses her great shock at his handsome looking
she also thanks him for rescuing her
Victor joins the two and talks about his ongoing wicked experiments to resurrect life
through artificial means
after the party finishes, Victor takes Igor to a basement to watch their research achievement
a monstrous chimpanzee-like creature made by the restored dead animals' organs
once Victor turns on the electricity, the current goes through the creature's body
surprisingly, the creature breathes seconds later
the two are excited about their huge success
Victor invites Igor as his partner to attend his academic report at his university
in a big hall, an arrogant, wealthy oily hair classmate of Victor
and a few other students and Lorelei, invited by Igor
are waiting to see Victor's demonstration
the Oily Hair urges them to start their experiment impatiently
the creature is not alive after Igor turns on the electricity
however, flies from the dead creature's body fly out of it
students storm out after the gross and horrible scene
the Oily Hair mocks Victor's ridiculous failure
while Victor tries hard to activate the creature with stronger electric stimulation
after few tries, the creature becomes alive and stands up
soon it turns crazy and escapes from the hall
Igor chases after the creature but gets attacked
Victor rushes to help and realizes that though the creature is alive
it has no consciousness to guide its behaviors
with deep regrets, Victor kills the creature he created
surprisingly after that, the Oily Hair shows her great interest in Victor's research
and promises to fund them to restart from scratch
as long as he can get hold of the technology
when Victor successfully brings something dead back to live
the financial support raises Victor's ambition
he claims that he will create a humanoid creature with a soul
on account of the danger in further research and Victor's uncontrollable desire
Igor tries to convince Victor to stop this inhuman experiment but to no avail
the mysterious creature attack case raises a detective's suspicion
he relates the incident with what happened in the circus
where the claw of a lion was found
he then assures that Victor is responsible for the missing lion claws in the circus
and some other dead animals in other areas
he believes that bringing corpses back to life is a huge unbearable profanity to God
so later, he finds Victor and gives warnings with no shreds of solid evidence
but Victor doesn't give a shit about what the detective said
Lorelei meets Igor and tells him her opinions about their research
that curing a dying person is completely different from
creating something that never belongs to the living world
she hopes Igor and Victor can stop before things go seriously wrong
but Igor worships Victor as a savior who reforms him and inspires his talent
back to Victor's home, Igor improves some flaws in Victor's plan
they agree on using lightning power to keep their creation alive
the next morning, Igor finds the detective is trying to break into Victor's home
with many other policemen
Igor sneaks in from the back door and warns Victor to run away immediately
upon hearing the detective's shouting outside
Victor informs Igor to open the drain for them to escape
in the chaos, Igor is horrified to discover a massive ice block that contains a dead body
just when he challenges Victor in anger for an explanation about that
the detective makes his way into the house and points his gun at Victor
Victor fights with the detective and breaks the detective's hand in running gear
Igor picks up Victor's pocket watch that is dropped on the floor during the fighting
and escapes away from the drain
moments later, they come to the Oily Hair's house for help
the Oily Hair says they can continue their research in a countryside castle owned by him
however, after all the troubles caused by their research
Igor feels exhausted and confesses that
he doesn't want to continue the resurrection experiments anymore
Victor decides to keep researching on his own
the Oily Hair overhears the two's argument
and decides to kill the useless Igor so as to keep the research secret
shortly after, Igor is tied up and thrown into a river
thanks for the tricks he learned from the circus
Igor escapes and stays at Lorelei's place to recover
he notices a name inside the pocket watch
which recalls him of the tragedy Victor told him
Victor's brother, the former owner of the pocket watch
is killed in a snowstorm for saving Victor
Igor suddenly realizes the reason for Victor's obsession with the resurrection
his research purpose is nothing else but bringing his dead brother back
he also knows that the Oily Hair will kill Victor
as soon as he could get Victor's research result
therefore, Igor is determined to save Victor
while Lorelei wants to go help him
meanwhile, Victor is busy preparing his equipment for his final experiment
while Igor and Lorelei rush to the castle
Lorelei distracts some guards not far from the castle
and discovers the detective in the woods
Igor runs into the woods when the guards are not paying attention
and finds the busy Victor on the top of the castle
Victor is happy to see Igor back
but won't listen to Igor's warnings and suggestions to stop the research
in huge regrets for his dead brother who was frozen to death
he cares no more but only to resurrect his brother
as the storm is coming, Victor rushes back to his experiment
and gives the order to pull the icy dead body up in the air
waiting for God's power
soon after, when the lightning hits the balloon floating up in the sky
a huge amount of electric current runs down the conduct
and goes through the body
all people below are watching anxiously for the miracle
and suddenly, they are excited to see the dead body begin to breathe
however, soon after, an overload occurs to all the machinery
resulting in a powerful explosion and causing the carriage cable to snap suddenly
the Oily Hair and his servant fall from the top of the castle to their death
right then, the detective arrives and blames Victor for his insanity
while everyone is arguing, a horrible human-like monster
walks out of the dense smoke
however, in no fear, Victor ignores the detective's warnings
and stands in front of the monster with excitement
for he sees the monster as his resurrected brother
he touches it, hoping to wake it up to its consciousness
however, the monster gives no response
the detective shoots at the monster to protect Victor
with two hearts and four lungs, the monster won't get hurt much
but it is turned into a rage and throws Victor aside
the shocked detective opens fire again but gets killed due to its fatal blow
Victor realizes that he fails his resurrection dream
but creates a ruthless monster with no human soul
returning to his senses, Victor joins forces with Igor to kill the monster
after a fierce fight, Igor stabs its one heart but to no avail
later, Victor seizes the chance to give a fatal shot to its second heart
killing it at last
the next morning, Igor reunites with Lorelei
she hands Igor a letter from Victor, who has already set foot for his next discovery
in the letter, Victor recognizes Igor as his "greatest creation"
he apologizes for all the sufferings he caused to him
and wishes a happy hormone life for Igor and Lorelei
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out